
# Ending School Slavery

Notes from sock: don't worry about growing and growing and growing. If you have stuf fhta't slready great, go for it. You could go on indefinately with adding things, but don't do that. The scope should be small, and reavaluate from there. 

Lunis: look at it from a EA lense. 'Tractability' 'Neglectedness' issues
could be easy to find weak leverage points. try find points of high leverage points. 

Be careful of it being a bottomless well of effort. make sure the stuff you're doing is high effort. What's your precise angle?

space: perhaps look at things that already have support

## Next Steps
### Space
1. (Space) Learn what kind of material actually goes viral among teenagers
	1. Ask friends
### Raj
1. (Raj) buy [[EndSchoolSlavery.com]]
   1. Redirect to smg for now is fine

## Goal
- Actually *actually* change it.


Every child has choice adnd chooses what they do
- Kids are safe , looked after

- Freedom from authority control

- freedom from ignorance of options (mental blocks)
	- understand the actual value in thall thoptions (eg. homeschooling isn't waste of time)

Focus on mental blocks!

Spreading rationality...
> 'if you were in slavery times you would've spoken up right? Well here's your opportunity

## Ideas
1. who is the audience?

oh shit i can do 15 year old Ted Talk

get insight from teens

market research about teens


## Current Goal
Eradicating Mental Blocks to freedom
## Next Steps
1. Find out what's viral among teens
2. Figure out what 's actually viral among parents
3. 











## Next Step
- Create Long Term Roadmap
	- [[Space's ESS Brainstorm]]


Primary points of attack:
 



Social Media - change public opinion
- [[End School Slavery Twitter]]
- [[End School Slavery Instagram]]
- [[Indian Orphan Project]] - show that something else can be sustainable

Website

## People Involved
[[Woz]]
[[Raj]]
[[Space]]


- make concise, nice part of supermemo.guru


 ## Prompts 
— If you could say something to every kid, what would you say?
- How to talk to all of them?
- How to talk to all of them?



## End Goal: Choice
[[Pipe Metaphor]]

- If people quit they should have the same amount of options






## The Two Fights
Coordinating Children - [[Kids School Strike]]
Coordinating what the change will be - [[]]






## Factors to Improve
[[Teaching]]
[[Homework]]
[[Sleep in Schools]]



## Stages across the timeline

[[University]]
[[Hiring]]





## Weak Threads
[[Revolutions]]
	- french revolution?
	
[[Science]]
(we need viceral imagery)
##  logical derivation? 

- (sleep deprivation is bad / school is not that usefu / long term negative consequences)


## Pragmatic Concerns
- not a free market of schools


All schools should be subsidised


# Possible Methods of Attack
[[Kids School Strike]]


## Posts

https://carcinisation.com/2014/10/04/the-last-of-the-monsters-with-iron-teeth/

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[EndSchoolSlavery.com]: endschoolslaverycom "EndSchoolSlavery.com"
[Space's ESS Brainstorm]: spaces-ess-brainstorm "Space's ESS Brainstorm"
[End School Slavery Instagram]: End School Slavery Instagram "Ending School Slavery Instagram"
[Woz]: Woz "Woz"
[Raj]: Raj "Raj"
[Space]: Space "Space"
[Sleep in Schools]: Sleep in Schools "Sleep"
[Science]: Science "Science in SuperMemo"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"