# Essentialism


> Almost everything is bad <br>
    Almost everything is a waste of time <br>
    Almost everything is pointless <br>
    Almost everything is kiling you.<br>
    So eradicate, eliminate, exterminate.<br>



Art of making sure the things you do and keep in your life are essential! Limited time forces us to apply priority protection, doing the things that are most important (eg. if i said you have 10 minutes left of internet usage for the next month, you wouldn't use it to browse memes, you'd proabably download wikipedia pages or something, right?)

We tend to unconciously assume we are immortal. It's really, really hard to picture and *deeply know* what it's like to not be around anymore. I, [[Space]], have adopted the fact well enough to understand for moments once or twice. 


> Here’s a hot tip: There is no legacy. There’s nothing to leave. We’re all going to be gone. Our children will be gone. Our works will be dust. Our civilizations will be dust. Our planet will be dust. Our solar system will be dust. In the grand scheme of things, the Universe has been around for ten billion years. It’ll be around for another ten billion years. ~ Naval Ravikant.

## There isn't any time

This gives life a sense of urgency. I beg to spread this message to people: 

We just don't have the time!

There is no time to complain! 

There isn't any time to assume we're better than reality!

There isn't any time to get mad over misunderstandings!

There isn't any time for jealousy!

There isn't any time to believe things that aren't true! As [[Daniel]] said: your thoughts are all that you are!

## Essentialism

You will die so, so quickly. 




## Related:
- [[priority-protection-in-real-life]]
- [[Living with the weight of death]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Space]: Space "Space"
[Daniel]: Daniel "Daniel"
[priority-protection-in-real-life]: priority-protection-in-real-life "Priority Protection in Real Life"
[Living with the weight of death]: Living with the weight of death "Living with the weight of death"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"