# Increment

[[Raj]]'s improvement of SuperMemo

## Goals
- Lower transaction cost
    - no downloading web pages
    - lower cost for noobs
### Focus on applicability
  - how to learn and DO   
    priotity research
        - figure out what's helpful in the EA community and how IR can be helped
  - How can programmers use it?


Can be closed source but with API.



## Concerns
> If you ask users what they want, they'll ask for a better horse, and not know about the car
- people totally miss the point

Have tabs with priority interval



## Thoughts
- A classic paper [...] stipulates that “many innovations fail
because consumers irrationally overvalue the old while companies
irrationally overvalue the new.”

When I read this I thought: okay, if we try to give people SM style queue where 1 article is presented at a time, it's a new paradigm. They have to adapt.
Instead of that, what about presenting it as a feed? The priority queue is just not intuitive to people compared to a feed

If we say: increment is a feed of whatever you want to read. It lets you go through that material in an easy, effortless way depending on how much attention and interest you have.
The word queue by comparison reeks of 'work' and 'must do' while feed is just something you open up when you're bored and wile away.

Even for me, I have not perfect associations with SM style queue. With a feed, there's just no effort. I think we could make something easier to open than say twitter or facebook that you know has the content you want. I have ideas about shortcuts for arrow keys too that I think could be fun and make it as easy to go through as swiping in tinder. 


the paper referenced: http://web.mit.edu/mamd/www/tech_strat/courseMaterial/topics/topic4/readings/Eager_Sellers_and_Stony_Buyers/Eager_Sellers_and_Stony_Buyers.pdf/Eager_Sellers_and_Stony_Buyers.pdf



original source from hooked:
Many entrepreneurs fall into the trap of building products that are
only marginally better than existing solutions, hoping their innovation
will be good enough to woo customers away from existing products.
But when it comes to shaking consumers’ old habits, these naive
entrepreneurs often find that better products don’t always win—
especially if a large number of users have already adopted a
competing product.
[...] A classic paper by John Gourville, a professor of marketing at
Harvard Business School, stipulates that “many innovations fail
because consumers irrationally overvalue the old while companies
irrationally overvalue the new.”10
Gourville claims that for new entrants to stand a chance, they
can’t just be better, they must be nine times better. Why such a high
bar? Because old habits die hard and new products or services need
to offer dramatic improvements to shake users out of old routines.
Gourville writes that products that require a high degree of behavior
change are doomed to fail even if the benefits of using the new
product are clear and substantial.






[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Raj]: Raj "Raj"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"