# Why We Learn — Problem Solving

So, we've broken in our [[Why We Learn - Illusion of Knowledge | Illusion of Knowledge]]. What next? What's so fun about learning? What's the point?

> The difference between any problem and its solution is a matter of [[knowledge]]

We learn in order to solve problems. Why is solving problems so important? I will hand over to Mark Manson for the answer to that: 

> Life is designed to continually throw difficult and unexpected problems at you. Life is a never-ending stream of problems that must be confronted, surmounted, and/or solved. If at any point, Life runs out of problems to give us, then as players, we will unconsciously invent problems for ourselves. Problems are what keep us occupied and give our lives meaning and are, therefore, necessary to conquer Levels 4 and 5 (give value and leave a legacy).

Life *is* problems. Therefore:

1. To improve the experience of your *life*, you must improve your ability to solve problems. 
2. To improve your ablity to solve problems, you need knowledge.
3. To increase your knowledge, you must learn.

Learning is fun not just for its own sake, but for how many problems it unlocks as trivial in the future. As [[Eliezer Yudkowsky]] puts it (I can't find the quote so I will paraphrase):

> The whole point of discoveries is that they make an entire subset of future problems *easier*.

## An Example
- Say, for example, you are plagued with the issue of [[akrasia]]. The solution, in anything else, lies in knowledge.

## Pitfalls in Problem Solving
There are two major pitfalls in problem solving:

- Lack of knowledge
- Lack of Knowledge Availability

All problems fall into these categories. Either you don't know what to do, or you do but the knowledge isn't availalble. When you know what to do AND the knowledge is readily available, you can solve a problem.

### An Example
Lets take for example what most of us see as a trivially easy problem. Crossing the road. You need two things to safely cross the road:

- The **knowledge** to look both left and right
- To **remember** that knowledge when you are about to cross

Lack any of these two things, and you are likely to die.










[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Why We Learn - Illusion of Knowledge | Illusion of Knowledge]: why-we-learn---illusion-of-knowledge--illusion-of-knowledge "Why We Learn   Illusion of Knowledge | Illusion of Knowledge"
[knowledge]: knowledge "Knowledge"
[Eliezer Yudkowsky]: eliezer-yudkowsky "Eliezer Yudkowsky"
[akrasia]: akrasia "Akrasia"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"