# Working with the Brain

Title: How can you work with your brain instead of against it? (answer that sounds right but I haven't figure out how to use)  

Is this simlar to [[internal alignment]]

What is two-track analysis?

I discovered this quote from Charlie Munger on the awesome blog commoncog: 

Personally, I’ve gotten so that I now use a kind of two-track analysis. First, what are the factors that really govern the interests involved, rationally considered? And second, what are the subconscious influences where the brain at a subconscious level is automatically doing these things — which by and large are useful, but which often misfunction.

Why do prescriptions not work? 


You have a brain. Brain has subconscious biases.

The rational parts are great. They agree fine. The issue is the subconcisou parts from two track analysis. 

How do you create a system that adapts to those subconscious biases?

Current systems search only the surface when the underneath is the cause for failure in application.

There are a few systems I would like to implement to manage subconscious biases better:

-system for managing shame and grit and freedom

-systems for action node analysis

 

´Instantly create flashcards from anything interesting that you hear or read online. 
Receive quick, automated quizzes so that you never forget important ideas. Quickly discover new, fascinating and life changing ideas you've never seen before!
How do you create better systems for human thought? That move with thought rather than having to be put down and shaped to them 

if I could speak and it would exist and then I can reorganize it that would be nice. Layers, layers, and layers. That's what you'd need for VR. Something complex and beautiful though it wouldn't be viral all that much. 

I sure as hell want to be able to speak 

Instantly create flashcards from anything interesting that you hear or read online. Receive quick, automated quizzes so that you never forget important ideas. Quickly discover new, fascinating and life changing ideas you've never seen before!

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[internal alignment]: internal alignment "Internal Alignment"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"